Updated development flow documenation. (#116)
dcsaorg/DCSA-BKG: README.md

### DEVELOPMENT FLOW

`master` is the main development branch.

`pre-release` and `release` are tagged and should be used as a stable version.

Development continues on `master` and feature branches are created based on `master`.

A typical development flow would look like:

1) Create a feature branch with `master` as base, proceed to make changes to feature branch.
2) Raise PR against `master`. When a PR is raised against master a CI is run to ensure everything is fine.

> 3) Merge with `master` after approval by atleast one verified code owner and successful CI run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) Merge with `master` after approval by at least one verified code owner and successful CI run.
```
